I just thought how can I possibly live
and and how could I go on without this
other part of me that's no longer here
and my pastor that afternoon he called
and he said art and he began to pray and
he said God we don't know how to handle
this
but we're trusting you and in the prayer
he began to say we know that when Paul
got to heaven Lord he didn't just sneak
in and sit down
he burst through those gates because
that was Paul and in here the Holy
Spirit rose up and said Arlene quit
dwelling on your loss and think about
Paul's game he's in heaven with me that
was a turnaround moment for me just turn
around I thought oh my goodness he's in
heaven he's experiencing all these
things we've heard preaching about we've
sung about we've talked about we've read
books about we all were lives and he's
experiencing this incredible journey do
I have my moments
absolutely cuz there's so many memories
but when I think of Paul in heaven I
think of him in the throne room before
God on his face
I think of him experiencing all the
things that we've only read about it
gives me such joy it makes me want to be
there makes me want to be there when
your husband passes and you still had
the bills that continue to come into the
home a big chunk of my income was going
and I would say Lord you know how's this
gonna work out I remember coming to a
telethon actually it was in October and
the Holy Spirit inside said to me I want
you to pet make a pledge and I'm you
know usually I'm very quick with it but
I know what my bank account saying and
so I said well Lord I can't make a
one-time plays I'll have to do it in
monthly which is a great option
I felt very good I thought god I'm just
gonna believe it you're gonna supply the
need this is my seed in the ground for
that need of like about four thousand
dollars I needed it was on a Monday
night Tuesday I came back to the
telephone a woman came over we were on
the air and she came over a quietly and
she's how are you early she said oh
here's something for you it's an
envelope like a card and I said thank
you and I tucked it in my handbag and I
went home and opened it later and what I
pulled out was 20 $100 bills
$2,000 cash and planting seed in good
fertile ground is the most important
thing and you know it's your
responsibility to know where the good
fertile ground is look at the history
what had they done with the dollars that
have been invested how had they spread
the gospel how had they liked
Cornerstone we say it all the time I say
this is a good fertile ground to plant a
seed and you will get a harvest but what
I have found in these months is Paul's
past every time I've had a need there's
been harvest God has been so faithful
I'm not I'm not somebody special I just
love the Lord and I trust that when he
says seed time and harvest it's it's
really true it really really works it's
worked in my life it'll work in
anybody's life you just have to do it